README.md, before:

# KaChow-Now

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113709975/197296383-f44619a8-581a-4e5d-bcbf-46de12daafcc.png)

**Description**

KaChow-Now is an app where Clients order homecooked meals from local Cooks in the area. 


**Features**

Deliverable 1:

- Create an account choosing either the Cook or Client role.
- Login to account using email and password
- Dedicated welcome screen displaying the user's name and role once signed in
- The ability to log out of account on the welcome screen

Deliverable 2:

- Admin can view list of complaints
- Admin can take action by punishing the Cook (by suspending or banning) or dismissing the report


Deliverable 3:
- Cook can create a new meal and add it to menu
- New meal can be toggled as offered for the day or not
- Suspended cooks can login but won't be able to do anything on the app aside from logging out



**Built in**
- Android Studio
- Java
- Firebase


**Authors**

Group 17:
- Aaditya Shah
- Nathan Le
- Bo Lin Chen
- Kevin Dang
- Sami Hassan
- Siva Senthilkumaran

Commit message:

Update to readme with admin login details

README.md, after:

# KaChow-Now

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113709975/197296383-f44619a8-581a-4e5d-bcbf-46de12daafcc.png)

**Description**

KaChow-Now is an app where Clients order homecooked meals from local Cooks in the area. 


**Features**

Deliverable 1:

- Create an account choosing either the Cook or Client role.
- Login to account using email and password
- Dedicated welcome screen displaying the user's name and role once signed in
- The ability to log out of account on the welcome screen

Deliverable 2:

- Admin can view list of complaints
- Admin can take action by punishing the Cook (by suspending or banning) or dismissing the report


Deliverable 3:
- Cook can create a new meal and add it to menu
- New meal can be toggled as offered for the day or not
- Suspended cooks can login but won't be able to do anything on the app aside from logging out

**Admin Login**
Admins can login using the following:

```Email: halosman@uottawa.ca ```

```Password: 123456```

**Built in**
- Android Studio
- Java
- Firebase


**Authors**

Group 17:
- Aaditya Shah
- Nathan Le
- Bo Lin Chen
- Kevin Dang
- Sami Hassan
- Siva Senthilkumaran
